Major update that polishes many of the new features added in 0.5.3 and finished documentation (below are just the main changes). There are some breaking changes that will be outlined below moving from 0.5.3.

##### 🎉 Main Updates
* Tab control is no longer cutoff on the right side by other elements.
* Updated header styles to be more consistent with expected behavior. `navbar a` now spans the height of the header menu.
* Dark theme added to code blocks along with some font size changes for better readabilities.
* Font Awesome glyphs are no longer set to have a height of 100%.
* Updated footer to add more balanced padding at the top and bottom
* `card-title` now has a more subtle shadow.
* Subsections of `modal` now have padding of `1rem 3rem` to reduce clustering.
* More transitions added to `modal` (refer to documentation in Components)
* Redesigned `tooltip` to be component agnostic and added more directions for tooltip display.
* Spacing between `title` and `sub-title` now makes sense and removed font size modifier on `sub-title`
* `button.animated` animations is more subtle.
* `blockquote` font size bumped up to `0.95rem`
* Removed extra padding at the top for paragraphs that are the first element.
* Updated spacing for `placeholder`
* Fixed `tabs-classic` rendering with improved styling and support for glyphs.
* Dynamic spacing added for tab glyphs and buttons (you can still use manual padding like `pad-left` and `pad-right`, but will be phased out in 0.5.5.
* Improved `toast` interface.

##### 💥 Breaking Changes
* Modal animation selectors now follow BEM conventions, ex: `modal-animated--zoom-in` instead of `modal-zoom-in`.
* `card-tile` is now `tile`.
